Priyanshi/rum home page (#9580)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/_index.md

Datadog's Real User Monitoring (RUM) gives you end-to-end visibility into the real-time activity and experience of individual users. It is designed to solve 4 types of use cases for web and mobile applications:

* **Performance**: Track the performance of web pages, mobile application screens, user actions, network requests, and your front-end code
* **Error Management**: Monitor the ongoing bugs and issues and track them over time and versions

> * **Analytics / Usage**: Understand who is using your application (country, device, OS…), monitor individual users journeys, and analyze how users interact with your application (most common page visited, clicks, interactions, feature usage…)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Analytics / Usage**: Understand who is using your application (country, device, OS), monitor individual users journeys, and analyze how users interact with your application (most common page visited, clicks, interactions, feature usage…)
```

> * **Support**: Retrieve all of the information related to one user session to troubleshoot an issue (session duration, pages visited, interactions, resources loaded, errors…)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Support**: Retrieve all of the information related to one user session to troubleshoot an issue (session duration, pages visited, interactions, resources loaded, errors)
```

## Getting started

Select your application type to start collecting RUM data:

{{< partial name="rum/rum-getting-started.html" >}}
</br>
## Explore Datadog RUM

### Out of the Box Dashboards

Analyze information about your user journeys, performance, network requests, and errors collected automatically with [out of the box dashboards][1].

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/dashboards/rum_dashboard.png" alt="RUM dashboard" >}}

### RUM Explorer and Analytics

> Slice and dice user sessions by segments such as checking when latency impacts your premium customers with [customizable analytics widgets][2]. Explore, save views and create monitors on your customized searches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View user sessions in segments, such as checking when latency impacts your premium customers with [customizable analytics widgets][2]. Explore, save views, and create monitors on your customized searches.
```

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/explorer/analytics/rum_analytics.gif" alt="RUM Analytics"  >}}

### Seamless integration with Logs, APM and Profiler

> View your [backend traces, logs, infrastructure metrics][3] to line of code impacting your application performance that correspond  to user experiences and reported issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View your [backend traces, logs, infrastructure metrics][3] to line of code impacting your application performance that correspond to user experiences and reported issues.
```

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/connect_rum_and_traces/rum_apm_logs.png" alt="RUM and APM">}}

### Error tracking and crash reporting

> Get automated alerts on outliers and groups of errors, timeouts, crashes to significantly reduce your MTTR with [Error Tracking][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get automated alerts on outliers and groups of errors, timeouts, and crashes to significantly reduce your MTTR with [Error Tracking][4].
```

Datadog's Real User Monitoring (RUM) gives you end-to-end visibility into the real-time activity and experience of individual users. It is designed to solve 4 types of use cases for web and mobile applications:

> * **Performance**: Track the performance of web pages, mobile application screens, user actions, network requests, and your front-end code
> * **Error Management**: Monitor the ongoing bugs and issues and track them over time and versions
> * **Analytics / Usage**: Understand who is using your application (country, device, OS), monitor individual users journeys, and analyze how users interact with your application (most common page visited, clicks, interactions, feature usage…)
> * **Support**: Retrieve all of the information related to one user session to troubleshoot an issue (session duration, pages visited, interactions, resources loaded, errors)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Performance**: Track the performance of web pages, mobile application screens, user actions, network requests, and your front-end code.
* **Error Management**: Monitor the ongoing bugs and issues and track them over time and versions.
* **Analytics / Usage**: Understand who is using your application (country, device, OS), monitor individual users journeys, and analyze how users interact with your application (most common page visited, clicks, interactions, feature usage).
* **Support**: Retrieve all of the information related to one user session to troubleshoot an issue (session duration, pages visited, interactions, resources loaded, errors).
```

## Getting started

Select your application type to start collecting RUM data:

{{< partial name="rum/rum-getting-started.html" >}}
</br>
## Explore Datadog RUM

> ### Out of the Box Dashboards

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Out of the box dashboards
```

Analyze information about your user journeys, performance, network requests, and errors collected automatically with [out of the box dashboards][1].

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/dashboards/rum_dashboard.png" alt="RUM dashboard" >}}

### RUM Explorer and Analytics

View user sessions in segments, such as checking when latency impacts your premium customers with [customizable analytics widgets][2]. Explore, save views, and create monitors on your customized searches.

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/explorer/analytics/rum_analytics.gif" alt="RUM Analytics"  >}}

### Seamless integration with Logs, APM and Profiler

> View your [backend traces, logs, infrastructure metrics][1] to line of code impacting your application performance that correspond  to user experiences and reported issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
View your [backend traces, logs, infrastructure metrics][3] down to the exact line of code impacting your application performance, corresponding to user experiences and reported issues.
```

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/connect_rum_and_traces/rum_apm_logs.png" alt="RUM and APM">}}

### Error tracking and crash reporting

Get automated alerts on outliers and groups of errors, timeouts, and crashes to significantly reduce your MTTR with [Error Tracking][4].

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/error_tracking/rum_errors.gif" alt="RUM error tracking">}}

## Further Reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

[1]:/real_user_monitoring/dashboards

> [2]:/real_user_monitoring/explorer/analytics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[2]:/real_user_monitoring/explorer/analytics
[3]: /real_user_monitoring/connect_rum_and_traces
```

[4]:/real_user_monitoring/error_tracking

> 
> 
> 
> [1]: real_user_monitoring/connect_rum_and_traces

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
